Content for the introduction (#933)
novuhq/docs: content/docs/platform/inbox/overview.mdx

- Flexible layouts: Use the default Inbox UI layout or build your own.
- Built-in support for  Tabs and filters, localization, snoozing, preferences management, and more.

## How it works

At a high level, the Inbox abstracts away the complexity of building a notification center.

1. When you drop the Inbox component into your application, it securely connects to Novu's services.
2. It automatically fetches user notifications and manages the real-time unread count displayed on the bell icon.
3. When a user clicks the bell, it presents the list of notifications and user preferences.
4. All user interactions, such as marking a notification as read or changing a preference, are automatically synchronized with the Novu backend in real-time.

## Ways to implement the Novu Inbox

There are two integration approaches, depending on your needs for speed versus customization.

### The "Plug-and-Play" approach

This is the fastest way to integrate the Novu Inbox. The Inbox component, encapsulate all the UI and logic. You simply drop the component into your application, configure it with the necessary properties, and you're done.

### Build-Your-Own" Approach

> For maximum flexibility and complete control over the look and feel, use the [SDKs](/platform/sdks/overview). It provides every methods and hooks required while leaving the UI rendering entirely up to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For maximum flexibility and complete control over the look and feel, use the [@novu/react SDK](/platform/sdks/react) for react hooks or [@novu/js SDK](/platform/sdks/javascript) for framework agnostic javascript methods. 
```
